feanil/pre scope move (#487)
openedx/frontend-build: README.md

# frontend-build

> ## Warning: Package Moved

Reviewer: @abdullahwaheed alerted me to the possibility of having the warning be more "dangerous" looking, such as [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/babel-plugin-react-intl):

![image](https://github.com/openedx/frontend-build/assets/759355/2c008258-2dad-4943-a1d9-119e6043560b)

Not sure how to do that yet, but we should probably look into it.  We can do that later, though, this is not a blocker for this PR.

Author: Looks like it's not too bad and I can go back and do that for the packages we've already deprecated: https://docs.npmjs.com/deprecating-and-undeprecating-packages-or-package-versions

While the Paragon design system will continue to receive updates, these updates

> will no longer be published at the @edx/paragon NPM package. Instead, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will no longer be published at the @edx/frontend-build NPM package. Instead, the
```

Author: ugh, it didn't load your comment, I'll make a follow-up PR to fix this before I merge the update.
